these are the areas which the children
of Israel inherited in the land of
Canaan which Eleazar the priest Joshua
the son of nun and the heads of the
fathers of the tribes of the children of
Israel distributed as an inheritance to
them their inheritance was by lot as the
Lord had commanded by the hand of Moses
for the nine tribes and the half tribe
or Moses had given the inheritance of
the two tribes in the half tribe on the
other side of the Jordan but of the
Levites he had given no inheritance
among them for the children of Joseph
were two tribes Manasseh and Ephraim and
they gave no part to the Levites in the
land except cities to dwell in with
their common lands for their livestock
and their property as the Lord had
commanded Moses so the children of
Israel did and they divided the land
then the children of Judah came to
Joshua in Gilgal and Caleb the son of
Jephunneh the kena site said to him you
know the word which the Lord said to
Moses the man of God concerning you and
me and Cadis Barnea I was 40 years old
Moses servant of the Lord sent me from
Kadesh Barnea to spy out the land and I
brought back word to him as it was in my
heart
nevertheless my brethren who went up
with me made the heart of the people
melt but I wholly followed the Lord my
god
so Moses swore on that day saying surely
the land where your foot is trodden
shall be your inheritance and your
children's forever because you have
wholly followed the Lord my God and now
they hold the Lord has kept me alive as
he said he's 45 years ever since the
Lord spoke this word to Moses while
Israel wandered in the wilderness and
now here I am this day 85 years old as
yet I am as strong this day as on the
day that Moses sent me just as my
strength was then so now is my strength
for war both for going out and for
coming in now therefore give me this
mountain of which the Lord spoke in that
day for you heard in that day how the
Anakin were there and that the cities
were great and fortified it may be that
the Lord will be with me and I shall be
able to drive them out as the Lord said
and Joshua blessed him and gave Hebron
to Caleb the son of Jephunneh has an
inheritance Hebron therefore became the
inheritance of Caleb the son of
Jephunneh the kena sight to this day
because he wholly followed the Lord God
of Israel and the name of Hebron
formerly was kir Jeff Arbor Arbor was
the greatest man among the Anakim then
the land had rest from war
[Music]